Welcome back.
Let's talk about Rule number three.
That is different terms for inputs and this is one of the trickiest parts of an interview that a lot
of people make mistakes on.
But once you understand it it becomes really easy to spot.
So let's look at an example.
I have the exact same function we saw in the last video compress boxes twice.
We have the boxes array and we just have two loops here.
I'm using the for each.
Syntax in javascript but we're just looping twice over the same array.
And as I said before the big show this is going to be two and but because we dropped the constants it
becomes all of an but the third rule states that different terms for inputs and what that means is.
Well first of all let me ask you a question.
What if here I have boxes as the first parameter and then we have boxes to as a second parameter and
maybe this second for loop actually loops over the second boxes what happens here.
What is the big O.
And during an interview a lot of people trip up and say that this is while still of an It's going to
be 0 2 and drop the constants.
Then now is this right.
No because the third rule states that different terms for inputs and remember boxes.
The first one and then the second one are two different inputs.
One could be a hundred items long.
Another one can be just one item.
So this first for loop is going to depend on how big the first item or first input is and then the second
for loop depends on how big this one is.
And and is just an arbitrary letter that we decided on in this case the big-O of this function would
be something like a for the first for loop which is the first input plus the the big big-O this function
is actually a plus b or and plus M or boxes 1 plus boxes too.
So keep that in mind just because you see two four loops one after another doesn't mean that they're
looping over the same items.
Now you might be asking yourself Andre What happens if these loops are nested.
So far we've only worked with loops that are one after another.
What if this loop was inside of this loop Well let's get into the next video and talk about another
common pattern we see with the go that is nested loops.